These flowers are blooming so beautifully.
We don’t have such delicate flowers in Loulan.
Aren’t they beautiful? Mm, yes.
I’ll have the Song family avenge you.
Ah, ah!
How did you get out?
Xiu Dao, An Qi, let go of me!
I miss the quiet before.
Someone, take the princess to the Imperial Hospital!
Is everything alright? I heard you were in the Imperial Garden.
I was so frightened!
I’m fine.
It was just that the Loulan princess was accidentally injured.
I sent her to the Imperial Hospital for treatment.
And you? Are you hurt?
Your Majesty, don’t worry.
I was wearing a Diamond Armor in advance.
It’s impervious to blades and bullets.
I didn’t expect a minor accident to occur.
The Loulan princess suddenly rushed out and shielded me.
This is absurd. I had known someone would try to assassinate.
Then why didn’t you tell me?
What if something happened?
I didn’t want to make you worry.
Even if Your Majesty would send many people to protect me,
I was just afraid of alarming the enemy.
Your Majesty, don’t be angry.
I’ve made thorough preparations.
Anger is harmful to health.
By the way, how is the Empress Dowager?
Consort De was captured on the spot.
Report to Your Majesty, her hand contained a deadly poison.
Now the only thing that can save her,
is probably the Wan Jin Dan that Loulan offered two years ago.
It’s the antidote for all poisons.
Li Zhongguan, go get it quickly!